[clang-cl] [Sema] Support MSVC non-const lvalue to user-defined temporary reference (#99833)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/LanguageExtensions.rst

as being empty if the specified offset is larger than the number of bytes in
the resource. The offset will be applied *before* any ``limit`` parameters are
applied.

MSVC Extensions
===============

> Clang supports a number of extensions inorder to imitate MSVC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clang supports a number of extensions in order to imitate MSVC.
```

Some of these extensions are behind ``-fms-compatibility`` and ``-fms-extensions`` which
are further described in :doc:`MSVCCompatibility`.

MSVC Reference Binding
----------------------

.. code-block:: c++

  struct A {};

  A& a = A();

Please see the `MSDN doc
<https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/build/reference/zc-referencebinding-enforce-reference-binding-rules>`_
for more information on this non-conforming C++ extension.

MSVC allows user-defined type temporaries to be bound to non-const lvalue references when ``/permissive``
or ``/Zc:referenceBinding-`` are given on the command line.

The current default behavior as of MSVC 1940 is ``/permissive``.
As of Visual Studio 2017, ``/permissive-`` is the default for projects meaning C++ conformance is enforced when
building with MSVC in Visual Studio.

This MSVC extension can be enabled with ``-fms-reference-binding`` with the clang or cl driver.

> This MSVC extension can be enabled with ``/Zc:referenceBinding-`` with the cl driver.

Reviewer 2: Let's s/cl/clang-cl/g. (I think we always refer to it as clang-cl in docs.)
